feat: initial SyncMmr impl (#1636)
0xPolygonMiden/miden-node: CHANGELOG.md

### Enhancements

- [BREAKING] Move block proving from Blocker Producer to the Store ([#1579](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-node/pull/1579)).

> - Introduce `SyncChainMmr` RPC endpoint to sync chain MMR deltas within specified block ranges ([#1591](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-node/issues/1591)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduce `SyncChainMmr` RPC endpoint to sync chain MMR deltas within specified block ranges ([#1636](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-node/issues/1636)).
```

- [BREAKING] Updated miden-base dependencies to use `next` branch; renamed `NoteInputs` to `NoteStorage`, `.inputs()` to `.storage()`, and database `inputs` column to `storage` ([#1595](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-node/pull/1595)).

### Changes

- [BREAKING] Removed obsolete `SyncState` RPC endpoint; clients should use `SyncNotes`, `SyncNullifiers`, `SyncAccountVault`, `SyncAccountStorageMaps`, `SyncTransactions`, or `SyncChainMmr` instead (#XXXX).

> - Added account ID limits for `SyncTransactions`, `SyncAccountVault`, and `SyncAccountStorageMaps` to `GetLimits` responses (#XXXX).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [BREAKING] Removed obsolete `SyncState` RPC endpoint; clients should use `SyncNotes`, `SyncNullifiers`, `SyncAccountVault`, `SyncAccountStorageMaps`, `SyncTransactions`, or `SyncChainMmr` instead ([#1636](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-node/issues/1636)).
- Added account ID limits for `SyncTransactions`, `SyncAccountVault`, and `SyncAccountStorageMaps` to `GetLimits` responses ([#1636](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-node/issues/1636)).
```

- [BREAKING] Updated miden-base dependencies to use `next` branch; renamed `NoteInputs` to `NoteStorage`, `.inputs()` to `.storage()`, and database `inputs` column to `storage` ([#1595](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-node/pull/1595)).
- [BREAKING] Move block proving from Blocker Producer to the Store ([#1579](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-node/pull/1579)).

> - [BREAKING] Remove `SynState` and introduce `SyncChainMmr` ([#1591](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-node/issues/1591)).

Author: Technically we only add `SyncChainMmr`, removing would be a direct follow up

Reviewer: Should we make this two separate entries then? One for adding, one for removal?
